Update README to similar format as in Terraform Foundation repository (#49)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-example-foundation-app: 7-app-build-deploy/README.md

   ```
1. Navigate into the repo.
   ```
   cd bank-of-anthos-source
   ```
1. Create main branch.
   ```
   git checkout -b main
   ```
1. Copy contents of Bank of Anthos Github Repo to new repo (modify accordingly based on your current directory).
   ```
   cp -RT ../bank-of-anthos .
   ```
1. Copy file `cloudbuild-build-boa.yaml` and `policies` folder from [7-app-build-deploy](.) to new repo (modify accordingly based on your current directory).
   ```
   cp -RT ../terraform-example-foundation-app/7-app-build-deploy .
   ```
1. Run the following command at the root folder level while replacing the region from `5-infrastructure/business-unit-1/shared` and project from `4-projects/business_unit_1/shared` stage.
   ```
   export REGION=<your_region>
   export PROJECT_ID=prj-bu1-c-app-cicd-<random>
   sed -i.bak \
      "s|gcr.io/bank-of-anthos|${REGION}-docker.pkg.dev/${PROJECT_ID}/${PROJECT_ID}-boa-image-repo|g" skaffold.yaml && \
      sed -i.bak "s|gitCommit: {}|sha256: {}|g" skaffold.yaml
   ```
1. Commit and push the changes.
   ```
   git add .
   git commit -m 'Your message'
   git push origin main
   ```

> 1. Cloudbuild will automatically run on push, confirm all stages of pipeline complete with a green check in https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=YOUR_CLOUD_BUILD_PROJECT_ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Cloudbuild will automatically run on push, confirm all stages of pipeline complete with a green check in https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=prj-bu1-c-app-cicd-<random>
```
